Hi everyone, everything is good today, I'm going to teach
you a beautiful and romantic hairstyle
Why am I using it here?
the tuft so here behind a tiarinha
braid on the side and we even
here in front spoke curly hair
which gives that to feminine good
romantic is how I said hairstyle stands
It's beautiful for you, you're wearing it during the day.
on the weekends to school to
college work is welcome and it's
very easy to make it very easy for me
I really hope you like this
video let's check it out
Let's start preparing our hair.
in three parts
you will separate the fringe part or the
the front you want to leave behind
covering your face is a fuse to do
the francine that will involve the tuft and
below contraction of the pet
I'll start going backwards
start with the pet so I'll get it here
back where I want my
and separating tuft will here
This is going to be the part that I'm going to do.
pet that it will get outlook
So let's start putting it behind
I will not work and I'll start I
I'll get
and you there for it to return to using this
brush to put the use to dry the
hair is usually many people
like to see with that fine comb
also it works the same state but as
I do not have any set at home, I 'll
cross with brush then it will start
This year I'll pick up from here to
down on the back of the hair a
little chery back take care of the good
hair
I'll share it up ahead to stay
with the volume left in front too
hey you in desfiamos according to the
volume that you want to back here as
more bulky
but in that case you have to do it then
can do without
I'm going to join you now, and for this I
I'll use my own brush and I'll pack it.
that just so he does not get swayed
at the time we arrest and after that
you tugged and pulled your hair to
behind so as not to be messy
there you will learn your tuft with a
clip
it's not going to be like this now
People are going to make the braid that goes
involve and here then divide it into a
hair that part of france here in the middle
and we're going to get a very thin wick
to make the braid
the same thing on the other side do too
a braid here with the very fine wick
really small
We came here and I'm bringing her.
far behind and I'll put it behind the
pet hold with clamp to stay the same
even a butt that I told
You're not going to come here at first.
you will see
I'm going to get up here and I'll bring these
two so the plates
If you want, you can take the
water explained to me that it is in the
better to meet me
well, that's it, let's do it now.
in my whole hair with a little iron for him
stay in the pt to be very romantic even
look good princess and then it's okay
I hope you liked it
of the hairstyle and in the person of the
my hair and look good young
romantic for the same day for you
using it in the week to go to
school or work looks beautiful and
Do you like to not forget to explain ?
I liked it to help spread the word.
this video I'll leave the link to the
my letters down here in the box
information if you want to follow the
my instagram to the red in chile
a fan of the blog page is bruna him and my
blog or www.brunosenna.com.br kiss and
until the next video